Some people believe that violence in the media, such as in television programs and films, directly results in violent behaviour. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In the future, all cars, buses and trucks will be driverless. The only people travelling inside these vehicles will be passengers. Do you think that the advantages of driverless vehicles outweigh the disadvantages?
In many countries, children are becoming overweight and unhealthy. Some people think that the government has the responsibility to solve this problem. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In some countries, there has been an increase in the number of advertisements that try to persuade children to buy snacks, toys, and other goods. Some people claim this is unfair as parents feel under pressure to buy these kinds of things for their children. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In the 21st century, contact between many different parts of the world has developed rapidly through air travel and telecommunications. Do the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?
Some believe that younger family members should be legally responsible for supporting older family members when they become physically, mentally and financially unable to look after themselves. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Weddings are getting bigger and more expensive. What is the reason for this? Is it a positive or negative development?
Educating young people is naturally important. However, some think governments ought to invest more in education for adults in need. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people think that personal happiness is directly related to economic success. Others argue that happiness depends on different factors. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
In some places, old age is valued, while in other cultures youth is considered more important. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
A rise in the standard of living in a country often only seems to benefit cities rather than rural areas. What problems can this cause? How might these problems be reduced?
Some people think that the best way to succeed in life is to get a university education, while others disagree and say that it is no longer true nowadays. Discuss both views and give your own opinions.
Information technology is changing many aspects of our lives and now dominates our home, leisure and work activities. To what extent do the benefits of information technology outweigh the disadvantages?
Some people think that schools are no longer necessary because people can acquire information on the Internet. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some think increasing business and cultural contact between nations is positive. Others think it leads to the disappearance of the national identity. Discuss both views and state your own opinion.
Some people believe that university students should pay all the costs of studies because university education only benefits students themselves, not society as a whole. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people think that schools should select students according to their academic abilities, while others believe that it is better to have students with different abilities studying together. Discuss both views and state your own opinion.
In many countries, plastic shopping bags are the main source of rubbish. They cause water and land pollution, and so they should be banned. To what extent do you agree with this statement?
Some people think there are not many things individuals can do to resolve environmental problems, while others believe that in order to tackle environmental problems individuals also need to take action. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
There is too much noise in many public places in cities. What are the causes of this problem? What can be done to solve the problem?
Crime rates will fall as advances in technology make it easier to detect and prevent crimes. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Many people like to eat unhealthy food even though they know it's bad for them. Why? What are the most effective ways to improve people's eating habits?
Some people think children should have the freedom to make mistakes, while other people believe that adults should prevent children from making mistakes. Discuss both sides and give your opinion
Some people think employers should not care about the way their employees dress, but the quality of work. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Although more and more people read news on the Internet, newspapers will remain the most important source of news for the majority of people. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In many situations, people who break the law should be warned instead of punished. To what extent do you agree or disagree?.
Some students take one year off between finishing high school and going to university, in order to travel or to work. Do you think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages?
Nowadays, more and more people from different cities are spending more time away from their families. What are the possible reasons and the effects on the people themselves and their families?
Today, many people do not know their neighbours in large cities. What problems does this cause? What can be done about this?
An increasing number of developing countries are expanding their tourist industry. Why do you think it is the case? Do you think it is a positive or negative development?
Some people say that nowadays children have an easy life, and some people think that the life of children was easier in the past. Discuss both points of view and also provide relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Many people believe that a person’s culture is defined by their country of origin, while othersbelieve that it has only minor influence. Discuss both these views and give your opinion.
Some people believe the purpose of education should be to help the individual to become useful to society, while others believe it should help individuals to achieve their ambitions. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
More and more people are finding it increasingly important to wear fashionable clothes. Isthis attitude to wearing clothes a positive development or negative?
Some people say that all popular TV entertainment programmes should aim to educate viewers about important social issues. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
The movement of people from villages to cities for work can cause serious problems in bothplaces. What are the serious problems associated with this? What measures can be taken tosolve these problems?
In the world of the internet, people write product reviews of products and services. Do youthink this is a positive or negative development?
Some believe that more action should be taken to prevent crime, while others feel that crime is being tackled effectively now. Discuss both sides and give your own opinion.
Some scientists think that computers will soon become more intelligent than humans.To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Some people say it is more important to plant trees in the open spaces in towns and cities than to build more housing. To what extant do you agree or disagree?
Some people think that dangerous extreme sports such as rock climbing and sky-diving should be banned. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this view?
Young people are often influenced by their peers. Do the advantages of peer pressure outweigh the disadvantages? 
Some people prefer to buy local products while others prefer international products. Towhat extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people believe that nowadays too much money is being spent on weddings and birthdays. Why do you think it is happening? What can be done to improve the situation?
Some people feel that the effects of advertising are positive for individuals and businesses, while others think they are negative. Discuss both sides and give your own opinion.
In many countries, the legal driving age is 18 years old. Some people believe it is the right age to learn how to drive a car, whereas others say that the minimum age should be 25. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people think the spread of multinational companies and globalization produce positive outcomes for everyone. Do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Some people say that TV advertisements are helpful for viewers, while others disagree. What is your opinion?
Some people think that instead of preventing climate change, we need to find a way to live with it. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In some countries, there are fewer young people who listen to or play classical music these days. Why is this? Should young people be encouraged to play or perform classical music?
Prison is the common way in most countries try to solve the problem of crime. However, a more effective solution is to provide people with a better education. Do you agree or disagree?
Directors of large organizations earn much higher salaries than ordinary employees do. Some people think it is necessary, but others are of the opinion that it is unfair. Discuss both views and give your own opinions.
Some people argue that holding sporting events is beneficial to a country's development. However, other people hold the opposite opinion. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people think that good teamwork makes a company successful, others think that good leadership is the reason behind the success of a company. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
Nowadays more and more people want to get things done instantly. Why is it? Do you think it is a positive or negative development?
Some think that climate change reforms will negatively affect business. Others feel they are an opportunity for businesses. Discuss both sides and give your own opinion.
The first man to walk on the moon claimed it was a step forward for mankind. However, it has made little difference in most people’s lives. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people think that it is a waste of time for high school students to study literature, such as novels and poems. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In some countries the elderly are highly valued and respected, while in others youth is more highly valued. Discuss both sides and give your own opinion.
The personal information of many individuals is held by large internet companies and organisations. Do you think the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?
Some believe that advances in technology are increasing the gap between rich and poor while others think the opposite is happening. Discuss both sides and give your own opinion.
Some people believe that smart phones are destroying social interaction today. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people believe that handwriting is no longer useful in the modern world and should not be taught in schools. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
More and more people are finding it increasingly important to wear fashionable clothes. Is this attitude to wearing clothes a positive development or negative?
Nowadays employment options are changing and employees cannot rely on having the same job and working conditions throughout their life. What are some possible causes? Suggest some ways to plan for the future under these circumstances.
Some believe that modern technology has made people less socially active, while others disagree. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people believe that governments should ban dangerous sports. Others claim that they should have freedom to choose their favourite activities. Discuss both views and present your opinion.
There is a trend of increasing amounts of consumer goods, which leads to environmental problems. What are the reasons for this trend? Give your own opinion and solutions.
The best way to reduce crime among young people is to teach parents good parenting skills. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your own opinion and examples.
The difference in age between parents and their children has increased compared to the past. Do you think advantages of this trend outweigh the disadvantages?
Scientists have been warning for many years already that in order to protect the environment people should use less energy. However, most people do not change their ways of living. What is causing this behaviour? How can people be encouraged to change?
Some psychologists think that the best way to overcome stress of everyday life is to spend a portion of the day doing absolutely nothing. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people believe that trade and cultural relationships between the countries is a positive development, while others disagree. Discuss both the views and include your own opinion.
Some people think that children should go to kindergarten before attending primary school, while others believe that is better for children to stay all day with their families. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Many parents (mostly women) decide to stay home and take care of the family members instead of going out for work. Some people suggest that they should be paid by the government for doing that. Do you agree or disagree? Give reasons for your answer and include examples from your own experience.
Different cultures are mixing today and the world is becoming a global village. Is it a positive or a negative development? Give your own opinion and examples.
Measures have been put in place to improve road safety by reducing the speed limits. Some people believe there are better alternatives. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Recently there are more gas stations being built as opposed to diesel ones in rural areas. What are the advantages and disadvantages of this trend?
Nowadays people’s life is changing rapidly and, as a result, family relationships are affected. Do the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages? Give your opinion and examples from your own experience.
People nowadays are not as fit and active as they were in the past. What are the reasons for this? What measures can be taken for this?
Some people think that the range of technology available to people is increasing the gap between the rich and the poor. Others think it has an opposite effect. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some of the methods used in advertising are unethical and unacceptable in today's society. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?