Should abortion be banned?
Should animal testing be stopped?
Should manufacturers be responsible for the effects of the chemicals used in the creation of their products?
Should illegal immigrants be granted residency?
Is there a fake news problem? What is the source?
Is the death penalty a just punishment?
Does "big pharma" have people’s best interests at heart?
Are there moral concerns that should make genetic cloning illegal?
What should be done to reduce income inequality?
What should people do to stop human trafficking?
Is paying down the national deficit the most important issue of our time?
Is the #metoo movement a good thing? 
Which political party has the right ideology?
Does the Federal Reserve need to stop printing money because it's creating an unsustainable bubble?
Is socialism the best economic system? 
Is America ready for a female president?
Should an elected leader represent the interests of his or her own political party, or is it better to try to compromise?
Does campaign finance reform work?
What recent political decision has created the most change?
Is capitalism the best economic system?
When will LGTBQ individuals experience equality?
Should TV censor explicit content because programmers have an obligation to produce family-friendly programming? 
Social media simultaneously draws us together and pulls us apart; does the good outweigh the bad or vice versa?
Is healthcare a basic human right? 
Some states have begun to decriminalize the possession of certain drugs like marijuana; is this a good idea? 
Should people have the right to own a gun? 
Is a gap year precious time for exploration and reflection or a year-long vacation? 
In cases of terminal illness, should a patient be able to request medically-assisted suicide? 
Should smoking be illegal?
Equality is part of lawmaking, but does it work in practice? 
What is the best way to encourage positive conversation about contentious issues?
Thomas Jefferson made significant contributions to the founding of America, both as a writer and a politician. However, he didn’t live a perfect life. Was he a hero?
How did the United States Civil War make the country better or worse? 
Many people think we should learn from the past, but there are sometimes patterns in history. Do you think history repeats itself?
America was reluctant to get involved in World War I, and when they did, many American soldiers lost their lives. Was this a necessary war for America?
Pick a past decade and discuss if immigrants and lower socio-economic classes had opportunities at that time.
How did the treatment of Native Americans leave a moral stain on the United States? 
Slavery was a fundamental part of the American colonies and later, the United States. How did this injustice change the country? 
What factors contributed to the rise of Naziism in Germany and to the Holocaust? How can these horrors be avoided in the future?
Does our modern perspective change the “truth” of what happened during major historical events?
The plague decimated the population of Europe and changed the course of history. What was its biggest impact?
Should school go year-round?
Does homework help kids learn?
How can school be fairer for kids from different backgrounds?
Should parents limit screen time?
Do schools treat boys and girls the same way?
Should there be commercials in children’s programs?
Should school start before eight o’clock in the morning?
Is it better for kids to have distance-learning or be in school?
Do parents treat all their children the same way, or do they treat the oldest and youngest differently?
Should kids have the same teacher every year or switch teachers each year?
Is it better to read fiction or nonfiction?
Should kids be able to vote in national elections?
Are schools doing enough to stop bullying?
Is it better if three generations of a family live together?
Should video games be a sport?
Should kids have homework on weekends?
Should school lunch include vegetables, even if some kids don’t like them?
Are hot dogs bad for you?
Is it okay to eat dessert before dinner?
Should middle schoolers have jobs like babysitting or mowing lawns?
Are beauty pageants a good idea?
Are the rules at school fair?
Should parents be able to say whether kids can dye their hair?
Are violent video games bad?
Does social media do more harm than good?
Should teachers get paid more?
Do middle schoolers have too much homework?
Is life more challenging for your generation or your parents’?
Should kids read age-appropriate books, or is it okay to read grown-up books?
Should there be ratings (like G, PG, and R) for movies?
Does homework help kids learn?
Is it better to ride the bus or walk to school?
Why is your favorite musician better than anyone else?
Do you think an hour of reading or an hour of exercising is more beneficial?
Should kids get paid for getting good grades?
Is school lunch good for kids?
Is it better to have class over the computer or in person?
Is cyberbullying as big a problem as in-person bullying?
Should people be allowed to burn the flag?
Should gym class be required?
Is social media bad for relationships?
Should parents get in trouble for truancy if kids don’t go to school?
Are women and men treated equally in your society?
Should companies be required to hire a diverse staff?
Should the minimum wage be raised?
Should all cars be electric?
Is climate change a real threat?
Are wind farms a benefit to the environment and economy?
Is it a bad idea to sample your DNA for genealogy?
Should every student go to college?
Should people be allowed to wear fur coats?
Should parents be able to say they don’t want medical treatment for their kids?
Should the electoral college be abolished?
Is the United States falling behind other countries in terms of education?
Do the actions of a country’s leader influence the actions of the people?
Should schools be required to offer art courses?
Will artificial intelligence help the world or hurt it?
Are there forms of personal expression that shouldn’t be allowed in schools?
Are men and women equally emotional?
Should high school students work during the school year?
Should all new cars be electric?
Are printed books better than e-readers?
Are parents responsible for childhood obesity?
Should beauty standards be more inclusive?
Should the drinking age be lowered?
Should college be free of charge?
Are all college majors equally important?
Is social media bad for children?
Has technology changed our definition of magic?
Should income be tied to the cost of a degree?
Is it worth exploring space?
Should all internships be paid?
Is climate change the most serious threat to the world?
Should elections be decided by popular vote?
Has society made the necessary reparations for slavery?
Do anti-discrimination laws do enough to protect disabled students?
Are all people entitled to free health care?
Is feminism still important?
Is it a conflict of interest for a professor to require students to purchase his book?
Is a degree from an online college as legitimate as a degree from a brick-and-mortar school?