School students should be allowed to curate their high school curriculum.
The role of physical education in the school system.
Funny Argumentative Essay Topics
It should be illegal to use certain types of animals for experiments and other research purposes.
Should the death sentence be implemented globally?
Social media platform owners should monitor and block comments containing hateful language.
Should the government do more to improve accessibility for people with physical disabilities?
Will there ever be a time when there will be no further technological advancements?
Does technology play a role in making people feel more isolated?
Do people learn the art of becoming a politician, or are they born with it?
Rape victims should abort their unborn children.
Girls should be motivated to take part in sports.
Do teenagers get into trouble because they are bored?
Fathers should get equal paternity leave.
It should be illegal to produce and sell tobacco.
Individuals who have failed at parenting should be punished.
Social media is the real cause of teenage depression.
Vaping is less harmful than smoking cigarettes. 
Covid-19 vaccination has more cons than pros.
Is the American education system perfect for society? 
Energy drinks should be banned in schools and colleges.
Should abortions be banned worldwide?
Gambling should be banned in the United States.
Recycling should be made compulsory. 
Is it okay to use animals in a circus?
Hunting is an immoral act.
Harmful dogs should be euthanized.
Cell phones should not be allowed in schools.
Schools should reduce the workload on students.
Sex education should be mandatory in high schools.
Is LinkedIn helpful for finding a job?
Teachers should pass a professional exam, just like students.
Social media has played a big role in increasing business opportunities.
Is Java becoming obsolete?
Vlogging isn’t an actual profession.
Animal testing should be banned.
Violent video games should be banned.
Parents with mental disabilities should not be allowed to adopt children.
Every person should get Covid-19 vaccination.
Alcohol consumption should be legalized in Muslim countries.
Should employers go through the candidate’s social media profiles?
The most interesting piece of art I have ever seen.
The person who is responsible for making a difference in my life.
Describe a smartphone and its benefits to someone from the ‘60s.
Describe meeting a famous person.
What does a place that only exists in your imagination look like?
What will life be like in 2050?
Describe the experience of falling in love.
Describe yourself and your personality to a stranger.
An experience that changed my life forever.
A popular book series that disappointed you.
My first trip abroad.
Your idea of the perfect day.
The most significant event in the American History.
A trip to the museum.
A day in the life of an ER doctor.
The most interesting movie I watched during my summer vacation.
A look into my daily life.
My favorite childhood memory.
An incident that changed my life.
The experience that taught me how looks could be deceiving.
The impact your first love had on your life.
An incident that restored my faith in humanity.
How much did your teachers contribute to making you the person you are today?
An experience that made you realize your parents were or weren't always right.
A moment when someone you didn't like surprised you with kindness.
The influence technology has had on your hobbies and life.
Which school lesson had the biggest influence on your life?
An achievement outside of academic life?
A week without internet and technology.
The time you faced rejection.
A day when you fought procrastination.
The time when you stood against your parents.
An act of kindness you can never forget.
An experience that left you helpless.
The time you prayed to be an only child.
Your definition of a perfect weekend.
Death of a loved one.
The things you regret most in life.
Your first experience of an air trip.
Effects of violent cartoons on children.
Should universities provide accommodations to disabled students?
Events and experiences I agree are causing the increase in terrorism.
Do children who attend preschool do better in school?
How do technology and gadgets affect the studies of children?
Does college debt affect the future lives of students?  
Universities are becoming business-driven. 
Why has the divorce rate changed in the past decade? 
Schools should allow the use of smartphones in school.
Analyze the relationship between the United States of America and North Korea.
Effective ways to decrease depression among our youth.
Your biggest pet peeve. 
Is it true that students learn better in a same-sex school?
How does giving kids different gadgets affect their studies?
Events that lead to World War I.
Compare the immigration policies of two different countries.
How has Covid-19 influenced the education system of the world?
Pros and cons of studying abroad.
Why did the UK decide to leave the EU?
Individual acts that lead to Global Warming.
What is the impact of music on our youth?
Effectiveness of the policies made to control Covid-19. 
What are the consequences of skipping school?
How can pets make you happy and improve your life?
Why do teenagers commit suicide?
Consequences of having alcoholic drinks within a school campus.
How does drug use affect relationships?
Is global warming a cause of skin cancer?
Is sodium bad for your health?
What is the line between being overweight and being obese?
Explain how advancements in science improve the quality of life for humans.
Why do you want to pursue your desired career?
What are some unconventional ways of relieving stress?
Why do teenagers use drugs?
If you could swap your lives with someone, who would it be and why?
Why is getting a degree important for job life?
What are some major stress factors in a teenager’s life?
How emotional support animals help in treating mental conditions.
How does prostitution influence society?
Extroverts and introverts.
The environmental causes of smoking. 
Pros and cons of getting financial aid.
Traditional Helicopters Vs. Lifesize Drones.
SAT and TOEFL.
Unemployed students Vs. students with a part-time job.
Persuasive and argumentative essays - How are they similar?
How were the causes of World War I different from the causes of World War II?
Generation Y Vs. Generation Z.
Real-life or spending your time daydreaming.
Education vs. professional career: what is more difficult?
Being popular in high school or alone?
Consequences of earthquake and tsunami: what's worse?
Getting married at an old age or a young age?
Part-time work or studying for a higher degree?
Democracy Vs. Dictatorship 
Fashion today Vs. twenty years ago.
Benefits of drinking tea Vs. coffee.
Greek and Roman methodologies - Similarities and differences.
Donald Trump Vs. Hillary Clinton.
Traditional Vs. distant learning.
Vietnam War Vs. War on Terror.
What are the causes of eating disorders?
Effects of climate change and global warming.
What are the causes of increasing depression among teenagers?
Is keeping a pet effective in calming your mind?
The effects of the Feminism movement.
What are the causes of suicidal thoughts?
Why are men afraid of commitment?
How does divorce affects children?
Has social media affected relationships among families?
Causes of heart diseases.
Discuss the effects of homeschooling on children.
Cramming doesn't help improve test scores.
Causes of sibling rivalry.
Effects of social media on youth.
How do abusive parents influence the mental stability of a child?
Causes and effects of bullying.
Cause and effect of depression in the workplace.
Effects of taking a balanced diet on health?
Third world war should be prevented by the Russian and US governments.
Causes of obesity in teenagers.
Causes and effects of insomnia.
Is gun control effective in reducing crime?
Is society over-regulated?
Political policies and practices affecting students.
No one should be above the law.
Same-sex marriage and constitutional law.
Monarchy: pros and cons.
Rules on Political Activities by Federal Employees.
Mercy killing should be legalized in all countries of the world.
The most corrupt countries in the world.
Death penalties should be abolished. 
Third-world countries should be provided with education plans by the developed countries.
Abortions should be legalized.
Muslims should not be labeled as terrorists.  
Illegal immigrants should be given equal rights. 
Live-in relationships should be encouraged.
Are leaders born or made?
Professional athletes should be allowed to consume steroids. 
Why do people like watching funny videos?
Should physical punishments be given to children?
Why spam emails should be your favorite type of email. 
Why wearing braces is fun.
Smoking in public should be an offensive crime. 
What your cat is really thinking.
School dropouts are the best in our society.
A better way to get things done.
Types of dates.
Why i don't like country music.
Things guys do that girls hate. 
How to annoy your friend. 
What organic food really is.
Things preventing you from completing your homework in time.
Why are spam emails more interesting?
Funny things we see in wedding ceremonies. 
Why do women pretend that they enjoy sports?
Why are backbenchers smarter than other students?
Clowns are scarier than funny.
Should we be maintaining social distancing even after Covid-19?
Virtual classes cannot replace the traditional class system. 
Why does Starbucks coffee taste better?
Why is watching movies better than reading books? 
Is there a need to reform the college education system?
People with a history of mental illness should not be allowed to purchase firearms.
The taxation system needs to be changed around the globe. 
Advantages and disadvantages of online classes.
Assault weapons should not be legal.
Kids should not be the target audience in advertising.
Feminists have effectively improved the workforce for women.
Is the death penalty effective?
The number of calories should be mentioned with every meal. 
How to maintain a healthy life?
Should people be judged on their appearance?
How to treat PTSD naturally? 
How is technology influencing the work performance of people? 
How to choose majors in high school?
How to identify fake news?
Private Vs. public schools
Impact of legalizing drugs on society.
The choice to join the armed forces should be an individual decision.
Significance of learning social values.
Listening to music can increase work efficiency.
Being honest has more cons than pros.
People who have been in an accident value life more than others.
Kindness is the most valuable personal trait.
Embarrassing moments help boost your confidence.
Can hobbies help improve the richness of one's life?
How to prevent bullying on campus?
Dressing properly in the office improves work efficiency
Being organized can help in school as well as the office.
What is feminism?
Impact of homosexuality on society.
Significance of having leadership skills in job life?
Causes and treatments for bipolar disorder. 
How to overcome fears and phobias?
Spontaneity can improve your life.
How important is mental health in succeeding professionally? 
Should specially-abled people be allowed to work in offices?
Side effects of consuming antidepressants.
How do teaching methods influence learning abilities?
There should not be any summer classes.
Should students continue studying during summer vacation?
Parents should pay attention to the amount of time their children spend watching television.
Discrimination and racism in the US. 
Every child should have chores at home.
Processed foods should not be part of private and public school lunches.
Sports should be mandatory in every school.
Do students still use newspapers for research?
Every individual should spend a year doing community service.
How optimism helps people grow in life?
Favorite family summer vacation.
Causes and effects of procrastination.
Significance of money.
The weekend should be three days long. 
Significance of health.
Are summer schools helpful?
Peer pressure on decision-making.
Why should students be motivated to participate in physical activities?