Life lessons you have learned during the quarantine
How will COVID-19 change life
What to know about pets and COVID-19
Pros and cons of self-isolation
A person you lost due to COVID-19
Mass media and pandemic panic
Challenges you have faced during the pandemic
A charity you engaged in during the pandemic
Essential workers during the pandemic
Projects you undertook during the quarantine
Your personal achievements during the quarantine
Things you enjoyed about quarantine
How relationship dynamics have changed during COVID-19
What could have been done to prevent the spread of the virus
Preventative measures of COVID-19, and how you implemented them in life
How to stay healthy and active during the quarantine
The future of the virus: vaccines for COVID-19 vs. a strong immune system
Backlash against Asian Americans due to COVID-19
School life during COVID-19
Mental health during self-isolation
Using a bicycle instead of a car improves your health and lowers your environmental impact
How optimism influences your immunity
Does social media improve people’s communication skills?
Kids’ obesity prevention with exercise
Are people who went to college more successful?
Drugs and alcohol consumption are the main causes of homelessness
Long-distance relationships and distrust 
Bulimia and its consequences
Global warming and species extinction
Portion control and healthy weight loss 
Communication is the key to a healthy marriage
Electronic devices and their influence on child development
Panic attacks and their causes
Peer interaction in school leads to improved social skills
Cultural differences cause immigration transition problems
Organic produce consumption reduces health risks
GMOs and its influence on humans’ genes
Cheating in school has long-term life effects on one’s personality
Consumerism pollutes the planet
Should all women have access to birth control and family planning?
Is vaping as harmful as smoking cigarettes?
Freedom of speech can be abused
Does our tax system benefit everyone fairly?
Is vaccination for everyone?
Does consumerism pose a big issue for the world?
Do food companies control our diets?
Does our educational system suit our society?
What languages should be official in the United States and why?
Does social media violate our privacy?
Should abortion be banned?
Do people abuse their right to carry guns?
Does police brutality have a racial aspect?
Is competition really beneficial?
Is capital punishment ever justified?
Do careers in blogging have a future?
Will people ever be able to live without the Internet?
Should everyone engage in volunteering and charity?
Should recycling be compulsory?
Does the press violate the privacy of famous people?
Your favorite childhood memory
Should testing on animals be legal?
The death of a friend or relative that influenced you
Most recent travel experience
The loss of a pet that changed your life
Your first time on a plane
Your best friend and how you met
The first book you read
The worst memory you have
Your biggest fear
Your family traditions
A summer camp story to remember
The most embarrassing situation you have experienced
How do you relax on your weekend?
Things you love about school
Your first time driving
The funniest story about you and your sibling
How you overcame any of your fears
A person who inspires you 
The time you got in an accident 
What does it mean to be patriotic in different cultures?
Animal rights and how they are violated in modern society
Sexual harassment in the workplace
Legal drinking ages around the world
Doctor negligence and its consequences
Hate crimes and what should be done about them
The thing you regret the most 
The pros and cons of online retail
Sources of alternative energy
How intelligence tests segregate society
Plagiarism and academic honesty
Ocean pollution and ways to prevent it
Pesticides and how they influence us
Divorce rates among young couples
Is the population control a solution for global warming?
Family values and their role in a person’s life
Alternative medicine vs. traditional medicine
Importance of sleep for a healthy life
Endangered species and their conservation
Stem cell research 
Civil War and its significance in American history
The civil rights movement 
Body positivity for teenagers
History of slavery in the United States
The causes and long-term consequences of stress
Why we procrastinate and how to avoid it
Cybercrime and how not to be its victim
Child obesity 
Racism in the US
The Solar System and its components
Hitler and his military strategies
The Milky Way and how to find it in the night sky
The causes of the Vietnam War
How recycling can save our planet
The judiciary system in the United States
What is ADHD and how does it change lives?
Is a college degree necessary to be successful?
Child abuse and its influence on character development
Expressionism and its role in art history
The consequences of WWII
Why graduating from high school is important
How to open a credit card and factors to watch out for
Things most teenagers worry about
Overpopulation in prisons
Student loans: pros and cons
Why some things make us happier than others
Why moving is stressful
The higher education system in the US
How to distinguish a leader in a group
How certain music can influence a society
Why most parents are overprotective and strict
How drinking influences the ability to operate machinery
Why teenagers join gangs and the dangers associated with it
How to overcome the fear of public speaking
How physical activity improves overall wellness
The problems with getting pregnant at 16
Why being compassionate to others is important
The importance of protection during sex
How skipping classes can jeopardize your college career
The psychological causes of smoking
How do you define success?
What does love mean to you?
Kindness and why it is important
What is optimism and how does it help in life?
Define Buddhism and its role in the world’s belief systems
The consequences of doing drugs
Procrastination and its consequences
What is happiness for you?
Define friendship in your life
The institution of marriage explained
Define terrorism and the reasons for it 
What is peer pressure and how does it influence teenagers?
Define surrealism in culture 
Define willpower and how to exercise it daily
What does power mean to you?
What is global warming, and what causes it?
Cloning and its consequences for the human race
Creativity and its importance in life
Define generosity and how being generous helps people
The most recent nightmare you had
Why hate is not the answer
Perfectionism: pros and cons
The weirdest travel experience you had
Describe your favorite literary character
Describe a museum that has become your favorite
The person that inspires you
The happiest day of your life
The earliest memory you posses
The most beautiful view you have ever seen
Describe the place that exists solely in your imagination
Talk about your favorite sport and describe your experience at a live game
Describe yourself to someone who has never met you
Talk about one of your friends and describe him/her
The most memorable day of school
Talk about your favorite memory 
The first time you fell in love: describe your feelings
Talk about the most embarrassing situation you have been in
Your favorite birthday 
The best city you have been to
Talk about an object that is very special to you
How to learn to swim
Describe your childhood home
How to make your own movie
How to learn cooking delicious healthy meals
How to be an A student
How to pass your SATs
How to deal with procrastination
How to be successful in a job search
How to write your own book
How to drive a car
How to make new friends
How to know you’ve met your other self
How to save money
How to overcome being shy
How to get rid of a bad habit
How to start your own business
How to make new friends
How to exercise regularly
How to let go of unnecessary things
How to learn to say “no” to people
A special person in your life
How to choose a used car
The biggest disappointment you have experienced
A time you were betrayed
Your motivation for success
The happiest moment of your life
How you overcame your worst fear
Someone who annoys you
A time when you lost someone
A time when you felt very alone
A place that is special to your heart
A moment you were very brave
Your favorite time of the year
An inspirational person you have met
Your bucket list of wishes
The time you lost a tournament
A moment when you learned a life lesson
A place you would like to visit
The biggest act of kindness you have done
A time you got hurt by someone you love
A time when you made the wrong choice
Is it ethical to clone animals?
Why microchipping your pet is good
Standardized tests are not for everyone
School breaks should be longer
Hunting wild animals is immoral
People themselves are the reason for global warming
Why PE is necessary in each grade of school
Vaccines cause autism
How we can save species from extinction
Everyone must engage in physical activity
Calorie reduction is the healthiest way to lose weight
Growing up in a single-parent household has long-term consequences
Kids must limit their time with electronics
Listening to music slows down homework productivity
When should the adoption not be allowed?
How the tax system benefits the already wealthy
Every public space must have free wifi
Human trafficking must be severely prosecuted
Euthanasia should be legalized
Prostitution has to be eliminated
Effects of coffee vs. tea on one’s cognitive ability during studying
The anatomical differences between monkeys and humans
Freelancing vs. working in an office
American North and South during the Civil War
The differences and similarities between Greek and Roman mythology
Capitalism vs. Communism
What is better: a movie or a book?
The educational system in the US vs. the UK
Living with parents vs. living on campus
Online shopping vs. traditional shopping
Smaller class sizes vs. bigger class sizes
UK English vs. American English: differences and similarities
Electronic book readers vs. physical books
Online dating vs. real-life encounters
The physical vs. the moral needs of people
Carnivorism vs. veganism
Horror films vs. comedies
Lord of the Rings vs. Game of Thrones
Biking to school vs. driving a car to school
Should abortions be legal everywhere?
Should smoking be banned?
Should gun control be more strict?
Should marijuana be legalized for medicinal purposes?
Should people have sex before marriage?
Should LGBTQ+ have all of the same rights as heterosexuals?
Japanese culture vs. Korean culture
Should marriages be arranged?
Is it okay for professional athletes to use steroids?
Should cheating in school be tolerated?
Should physical punishment for kids be allowed?
Should teenagers have access to contraception?
Can terrorism be justified with religion?
Is it immoral to have sex scenes on TV?
Is 18 a proper age to start voting?
Should small children have access to smartphones and tablets?
Does bullying make people stronger?
Are cross-cultural marriages acceptable?
Should smoking in public places be allowed?
Should everyone pay the same taxes?
Is prostitution a crime?
What if teachers and students exchanged places?
What would the world look like if animals ruled it?
How will our lives be different once we have flying cars?
What if we saw the world through the eyes of dogs
School dropouts are the most successful
How disobeying your parents results in success
Why you should drink before an exam
The reasons Starbucks tastes so good
Why passing your driving exam is important
The best guests are the ones that come already full
The best students are the ones who never show up to class
Clowns are not as scary as you think
Why burning down your school is not an option
Why you should wear a mask even once COVID-19 is over
What is the worst movie ever?
Why your laundry will not do itself
Why I love spam emails
How your game-playing skills can help with getting a job
Cause and Effect Essay Topics
The reasons I hate country music