Is adrenaline worth the risk?
Is genetic engineering the answer to ending global hunger?
Do all people need to be of the same size, and does beauty need any standards?
If athletes cannot use steroids, is it fair for models to use Photoshop?
Philosophical issue: Should abortion be legal?
If there are video game competitions, can gaming be regarded as a sport?
How to put a baby to bed?
Was Korean War a Civil War or an International War?
Do they improve communication skills or reduce social activity in the real world?
Are women better parents than men?
Should phones and social media be banned in classrooms?
Should children be punished? 
Nature versus nurture – what wins?
Social media marketing for generation Y.
Do violent video games cause behavior problems?
Can “bad” genes be an excuse for divorce and crime?
Marijuana legalization: It’s time to make it.
Should marijuana be legalized?
Does money determine success?
The games people play and masks they wear: Sincerity versus politeness.
Is it acceptable to use white lies in advertisements?
Culture. What is cultural pluralism?
Is it ethical to advertise products to children?
Is one volunteer really worth ten pressed men? How can motivation improve outcomes?
What do you think of “Calvin Klones”? Is fashion more important than individuality?
Environmental pollution is a global problem. Should everyone make a small contribution to the struggle against it?
Zoos claim to contribute to the conservation of species. Can a zoo be a better habitat for a giraffe than a savanna?
Is there a problem of a generation gap in modern families?
Should people keep pets? Do companion animals feel comfortable in homes?
Why do worst students often become famous and successful? 
What would happen if animals ruled the world? 
The perfect plan to lose all friends. 
Should children follow in their parent’s footsteps?
Why do all elderly people need to attend computer courses? 
How to ask people for money?
Why should parents sign contracts with their children?
How to stop procrastinating? 
What are animals thinking about? 
Why is it a good idea to refuse to count the time?
Errors in any sphere are unavoidable. Do doctors, judges, and teachers have the right to make mistakes?
Leaders are born, and managers are made?
How can capital punishment be acceptable if judges’ errors are inevitable?
Emotional Intelligence role in successful leadership.
How to win the lottery?
What is effective risk management in an organization?
Why use stick and carrot motivation? Wouldn’t sticking to policies be enough?
It is said that women are from Venus, and men are from Mars. Are men and women really that different?
Digital marketing challenges in organizations.
Social media influences on marketing: Current trends. 
Can women be regarded as the weaker sex today?
How can the Federal Reserve affect prices?
How can Emotional Intelligence be used in leadership?
What is consumer behavior’s role in global business?
International business: Do cultural differences matter?
Modern theater and remakes of classic plays – new interpretation or outrage?
Is Graffiti Art or Vandalism?
Human resource management: How does it look in the modern world?
Does an artist need the talent to create abstract pictures?
Can the way to success be laziness?
Team building: Does it make sense?
What team efficiency depends on?
What does a human resource manager do?
How leadership’s role has evolved in the 21st century?
Live to eat or eat to live? Healthy diets versus favorite dishes.
What is bad customer service?
Patients in the hospital need better care.  This essay will describe the problems of modern nursing care.
The search for oil is one of the priorities today.This persuasive research paper is associated with the problem of oil search and striving for leadership.
The credibility of data in the media is questionable.  The theme is connected with the problem of understatement or lies in the media.
Nobody wants to deal with obsessive sellers.An argumentative and persuasive essay on this topic should describe the best methods to sell goods and not to annoy potential buyers.
Deviant behavior is a consequence but not a cause.  An argumentative essay format of this topic implies revealing the problems that can lead to the occurrence of deviant behavior in adolescents and adults.
Consultations with colleagues at work can increase the level of trust in the team.  When writing a good argumentative essay on this topic, you can try to reveal the connection between interaction and good relations.
The more you take sports, the better it is.  Argumentative essay subjects, in this case, should relate to sport and reveal the advantages of a healthy lifestyle and regular sports activities.
Excessive passion for video games affects mental health.  You can write an argumentative essay and persuasive essay; the topic will reveal the danger that great affection for video games brings.
Personal experience is useful in the process of getting an education.  When it is about an argumentative research essay of such a theme, the benefits of personal experience and knowledge should be discussed to persuade your readers of the necessity to self-study.
People who cannot communicate with others feel depressed.  The problem of the lack of communication and the consequences that can arise are described in such an article.
Apple’s management and leadership development.
Other authors’ works can be helpful when writing scientific papers.  The advantages of citing respected authors’ thoughts will be described in such persuasive essay papers.
Territories of wildlife are increasing.  To write an excellent argumentative essay on this topic, you should give specific statistical data to demonstrate your knowledge of environmental pollution and information concerning human activity.
Swimming is one of the healthiest hobbies.  Try to reveal the benefits of swimming for human health.
Teaching is the profession of patient people.  The paper aims at disclosing teachers’ features of character and their positive traits.
Industrial spheres prevail over others.  In this paper, you will present your opinion concerning the distribution of industrial enterprises on the planet.
Compare and contrast the issues of successful and unhappy marriages.  A comparative essay is often used when considering specific issues related to sociology, and this topic is one of them. This type of work is sometimes called a discursive essay.
The consequences of the Chernobyl disaster.  Just as in a compare-contrast essay, several research objects can be used here. A cause-effect piece on this theme is a comprehensive study of factors that arise for the reason of a famous disaster that happened in 1986.
Animal species in Australia: A great variety of the local fauna.  A descriptive essay on this topic gives a detailed description of the reasons why there are so many unique animal species on this continent and includes listing some of them. Such essay subjects must be relevant only to the nature of Australia.
Possible factors that influence the effectiveness of employee’ work.  It can be an exploratory essay that is different from many other types of articles. Its essence is a continuous study of all the possible phenomena that influence people’s results rather than an assessment or criticism of particular nuances. This type of work is not similar to a persuasive research paper where a specific point of view is proved. On the contrary, the author seeks to find the most accurate results on a given topic.
The great Shakespeare’s masterpiece.  This literature essay aims at studying a particular text and the author’s assessment of the events described in his famous plays.
All the world’s religions are similar.  The topic should present the similarity of various religious concepts. Here, argumentative issues are used, and excellent argumentative essays imply adequate author’s criticism based on verified confirmations.
The implementation of electronic resources for the preparation of students.  This topic implies an admission essay that, as a rule, is used as an official document in universities and colleges. The essence of such a paper is to assess an applicant’s abilities.
The leadership of the enterprise should be involved in working on increasing productivity.  A perfect argumentative essay will contain arguments in favor of the leadership that is actively involved in the affairs of a specific company and is bothered by its successes.
Crimes and governmental influence.  
The evaluation of the effectiveness of electronic control systems at industrial enterprises.  This topic implies another approach in comparison with an argumentative essay paper; there is no need to give clear arguments, just a personal opinion.
Financial indicators of the success of specific business strategies.  This theme is associated with a persuasive paper that is also called argumentative. This type of writing has much in common with an expository essay where you also need to provide statistics or accurate data to confirm a particular point of view.
What is the right balance between open and closed innovation?
The growth of the tech industry and environmental issues associated with it.  
Innovation influences the business environment.
Corporate social responsibility: Business benefits.
Canadian small businesses in public perception.
Homelessness in the UK: Is it a big issue? 
Is it possible to influence climate change? 
Consumer behavior and international marketing. 
Governments should protect animal rights.
Animal testing should be banned.
Reasons for food allergy development.  
It should not be allowed to use animals for entertainment. 
It should be forbidden to have exotic pets. 
Using animals for fashion purposes is inhumane. 
Hunting for entertainment should not be allowed. 
Governments should strictly control factory farm conditions.
Endangered species should be better protected. 
Zoos can be good for animals. 
Cruelty towards animals should be legally punished.
What is assisted suicide?
Ethical questions in healthcare management.
Should euthanasia be allowed? 
Medication error disclosure in South Carolina.
The issue of racism in healthcare leadership. 
What are nursing leaders for? 
Medical ethics in the workplace. 
The importance of pain management in nursing.
Healthcare collaboration for patient quality care.
Electronic clinical decision support tools for nurses.
Moral dilemmas in nursing.
Medication errors in nursing practice.
The problem of obesity in childhood.
Racial and cultural inequalities in health.
Why are foreign languages important in school education?
Should the sale of drugs be strictly controlled? 
How should children be taught manners?
What is the best way to tell children about the dangers of our world?
Importance of theory in nursing.
What can be done to protect animals from human cruelty?
What is the best way to reduce smoking among teenagers?
How to solve the water pollution problem? 
What can be done against fake news? 
What can be done to lower corruption in sports? 
The evaluation of the development of an accounting department next year.  Such an analytical essay can be full of unnecessary information, which hardly conveys the general essence of the article and can be easily excluded from the text without the loss of sense. 
The comparison of the country’s total gross product over the past decade.  It is quite a problematic theme that requires specific knowledge in the sphere of economics. Persuasive essay writers sometimes choose too complex topics. It is essential to know how to reveal this or that issue and to find reliable sources of information. 
The events of the American Civil War in chronological order.  Great persuasive essays like this one can be appreciated only if the data used in them is accurate; in such a paper, you should give correct information and not miss any significant point to give your readers the most useful data. 
The development of printing in pictures and tables.  Such a topic means that you will have to use many graphic elements. The format for an argumentative essay should not differ from generally accepted standards. 
The development of baseball and the formation of the game rules.  This topic aims at describing the history of baseball development, but it is likely to have a limited number of readers. Argumentative subjects should be close to the target audience; otherwise, the theme will be uninteresting. 
The opinions of famous philosophers about the upbringing of children.  If it is an excellent discursive essay, it should have an appropriate number of quotes cited appropriately. Without them, the argumentative paper will look too weak, and you will be blamed for the lack of identical pieces of evidence. 
The peculiarities of English literature in the 17-19th centuries. This theme is directly connected with literature, and any English persuasive essay should be relevant and competently written. Any grammatical, punctuation, or other errors are inadmissible; otherwise, the argumentative article will be considered unsuccessful and will not be able to comply with the rules of writing. 
Difficulties of various professions: the experience of different people.  This topic means that you will have to use some opinions of different respondents to convey the general idea of such a paper fully. In the process of writing an argumentative essay, help can be provided by colleagues or other authors. Remember: great argumentative essays contain your arguments supported by evidence; otherwise, your work will be considered to be false. 
How can cyberbullying be reduced? 
A comparative study of the sources confirming the need to introduce electronic knowledge assessment systems.  This theme will be connected with the review of various articles and online resources to compare authors’ results and give a specific conclusion. It will be useful to pay attention to electronic libraries and other services where various scientific articles and other works of respected scientists are collected. If you do not do it, your paper can have insufficiently relevant arguments.