Many companies sponsor sports as a way of advertising themselves. Some people think this is good for the world of sport, while others think it is negative. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Governments in mnay countries have recently introduced special taxes on foods and beverages with high levels of sugar. Some think these taxes are a good idea while others disagree. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Many people think technological devices such as smart phones, tablets and mobile phones bring more disadvantages than advantages. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
It is better for children if the whole family including aunts, uncles and grandparents are involved in a child’s upbringing, rather than just their parents. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Most people prefer shopping in supermarkets nowadays. How does this affect the local shops? What are the positive and negative impacts of this development?
In many countries, fast food is becoming cheaper and more widely available. Do the disadvantages of this outweigh the advantages?
The government should lower the budget on the arts in order to allocate more money to education.To what extent do you agree?
Many people argue that eating junk food has led to an unhealthy lifestyle. This problem has become more common among young people these days. Do you agree or disagree that junk food is the cause of the issue?
Some people think that in order to produce a happy society, it is necessary to ensure that there is only a small difference between the earnings of the richest and poorest. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
The manufacturing and use of cars damages the environment but their popularity is increasing. Why is this happening? How could this be controlled?
Some people think that young people should go to university to further their education while others think they should be encouraged to work as car mechanics or builders etc.to serve society. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people believe that to give opportunities to the new generation companies should encourage high-level employees who are older than 55 to retire. Do you agree or disagree?
Nowadays celebrities earn more money than politicians. What are the reasons for this? Is it a positive or negative development?
Many people believe that countries should produce food for the whole population and import as little food as possible. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people think that it is necessary to travel abroad to learn about other countries, but others think that it is not necessary to travel abroad because all the information can be seen on TV and the internet. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Why are some people who leave school early more successful compared with those who complete their studies. Provide reasons why they are more successful and what are the requirements for success?
Countries with long average working hours are economically more successful than those countries which do not work long hours. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Many students around the world don’t choose science subjects at university. Give the reasons for this and describe the impact on the community?
It is better for young people to get advice from old people than young ones. Do you agree or disagree?
Some people think that music plays an important role in society. Others think it is simply a form of entertainment. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
Some people think that job satisfaction is more important than job security. Others think that people cannot expect to enjoy a job and that having a permanent job is more important. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people say that technologies such as mobile phones are disrupting social interaction. Do you agree or disagree?
Some people think history has little or nothing to offer, while others say the study of the past helps us understand the present. Write on both views and give your opinion, citing examples from your experience
Some people think that zoos are cruel and all the zoos should be closed. However, others think that zoos are useful to protect rare animals. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people think that the best way to stay fit is to join a gym/health club while others think doing everyday activities such as walking and climbing stairs is sufficient. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Nowadays online shopping is extremely popular. Discuss the impact of it on the environment and on people who lost their jobs because of it.
Nowadays celebrities earn more money than politicians. What are the reasons for this? Is it a positive or negative development?
Many people think that every individual is responsible for their happiness, but some people believe there are other external factors that influence us. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
It is too expensive to look after and repair old buildings. This money should be spent on building modern buildings instead. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?
Scientific research should be the responsibility of governments rather than commercial organizations. Do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Some people believe that women should be treated as equal to men when applying for a job with police or the military. Others think women are less suitable for this kind of job. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people prefer to work in the same type of job throughout their lifetime while others like to change the type of job they do. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people think that it is fine for professional sportsmen and sportswomen to misbehave on or off the field, as long as they are playing well. Do you agree or disagree with this statement?
People are becoming too dependent on the Internet and phone. Is it a positive or negative development?
Some people suggest that it is better for children to be brought up by the whole family including uncles, aunts and grandparents, rather than just the parents. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your opinion and examples.
Some people think that the government should increase tax on unhealthy food to encourage people to start eating healthy. Do you agree or disagree?
Nowadays, people are spending more time away from their homes because they spend longer in their workplace. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages.
What are the advantages and disadvantages for them and for their family?
Many parents complain about violence promoted to their children through video games, TV programs and other media. Why is it happening? What can be the solution for it?
Nowadays most people are not as fit and active, as they were in the past. What are the main causes of this situation? Suggest some possible solutions.
Nowadays, international tourism is the biggest industry in the world. Unfortunately, it creates tension rather than understanding between people from different cultures. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?
Fossil fuels (e.g. coals, oil and gas) are the main source of energy for most countries. However, alternative sources of energy (e.g. wind and solar) have been encouraged for use by some countries. To what extent is this a positive or negative development?
Nowadays media should include more good news in their publications. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Fossil fuels are the main source of energy around the world. However, people are being encouraged to use alternative energy sources such as wind energy, solar energy and so on. Do you think this is a positive or negative development? Why?
Some people believe that elderly employees are more useful to a company, while others believe that young employees are better. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
The number of older people is increasing. Some people think that this will cause problems in their countries, others believe this group is important to society. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some think that teenagers should follow older people’s rules. Others thinks that it is natural for them to challenge what older people say. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Television Sporting shows such as the Olympics motivatethe youth who do not like to exercise much. Do you agree or disagree? Include relevant examples in your answer and provide your own opinion.
Nowadays many people want to buy famous brands of clothes, cars and other items. What are the reasons for this? Do you think it is a positive or a negative development?
More people live alone today than they did in the past. Do you think this is a positive or negative development? Give your opinion and relevant examples to support your view.
Some people believe that price is the only consideration when buying something. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your opinion and include relevant examples.
Some people believe that educational success depends on good teachers, while others believe that students’ attitudes are important. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
People in the current generation are not fit and active. This will cause health problems in the future. What could be the reasons for the inactivity and suggest solutions for this issue.
Parents, usually mothers, stay at home to look after their families. People believe that for this they should receive a salary from the government. Do you agree or disagree and why?
Some people think that they can go to the gym to remain fit, while others think that there are other better ways to do this. Discuss both views along with your opinion.
Some people say companies should require all employees to wear uniforms at work. Others think it is unnecessary. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Because of modern technology, some people believe that it is no longer necessary for people to learn handwriting skills, but others believe that handwriting is still an important skill. Discuss both views and give your opinion based on your experience.
Nowadays many people work from home. Some think it is beneficial, while others think it may distract the family routine. What is your opinion?
It is necessary for parents to attend a parenting training course to bring their children up. Do you agree or disagree?
Nowadays people work too hard. What is the reason for this? What should employers do to prevent employees from over working?
Nowadays people get married and have children after the age of 30. Is it a positive or negative development?
Today, some young people say that their mobile phones are the most important thing they own. Do you think that the popularity of mobile phones is a good or bad thing?
Nowadays, people believe that governments should invest tax-payer’s money in healthcare, others believe that money should be use in other areas. Discuss both points of view and give your opinion.
Adults do less exercise nowadays. Some think that people can be encouraged to live healthy lives through sporting events such as the Olympics or the World Cup. Others think that there are better ways to encourage adults for exercise. Discuss both views and state your opinion.
Modern cultures around the world have become similar when compared to the past. What are the reasons? Is it a positive or negative development?
People are using a lot of online language translation apps. Are there more advantages than disadvantages to such services.
Demand for food is increasing worldwide. What is the cause of this? What measures can the international community take to meet this demand?
Many companies sponsor sports as a way of advertising themselves. Some people think that this is a good thing, while others think that it has disadvantages. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people believe that to be successful at a sport you need natural ability and others think that hard work and practice can make you successful. Discuss both views and give your opinion?
Nowadays, adults do little exercise. Some people believe that the best way to address this issue is by covering great sports events such as the Olympics  n television. Others think that it is more beneficial to take other measures. What is your opinion?
These days some people spend a lot of money on tickets to go to sporting or cultural events. Do you think this is a positive or negative development?
Some people believe that technology has made man more social and others think that it has made him less social. Discuss both views and give your opinion?
Experts say older people were happier and healthier in the past because they did more exercise and spent more time with family and friends, whereas many now suffer from loneliness and health problems. What are the causes of this and what are some solutions?
Some people believe that to be successful at a sport you need a natural ability and others think that hard work and practice can make you successful. Discuss both views and give your opinion?
Some people believe that there will be a reduction in air travel in the future. Do you think that this trend is a positive or negative development?
Some people believe that technology has made man more sociable and others think that it has made us less sociable. Discuss both views and give your opinion?
At the present time, the population of some countries includes a relatively large number of young adults, compared with the number of older people. Do you think that the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?
Some people believe that it is important to give gifts to friends and family to show that we care about them. Others think that there are better ways to show that we care. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Today much of the food people eat gets transported from farms that are thousands of miles away. Some people believe it would be better for the environment and the economy if people only consumed food produced by local farmers. Would the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?
With internet improvements, people can share views or opinions on certain goods or services that they have purchased. Is this a good or a bad thing? Discuss both views and give your opinion.
The qualities and skills that a person requires to become successful in today’s world cannot be learned at a university or any other academic institution. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Shopping has become a new favourite pastime for younger generation. Why is this the case? Should we encourage them to develop other hobbies too?
Courses and general online study have recently become very popular. However, some people still prefer to attend classes in person. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people think that prison sentences should not be used to deal with criminals. Education and skills training should be used instead. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
It is often said that it is not necessary to have a tertiary education to become a successful businessman. To what extent to you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your opinion and relevant examples.
Today it is common practice for many business meetings and business training to take place online. Do the advantages of this new development outweigh the disadvantages?
Nowadays, internet and television have given ordinary people a chance to become famous. Is this a positive or negative development?
Some people from poor and rural backgrounds find it difficult to get a university education. Universities should make it easier for such groups to enrol. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people think that it is the responsibility of governments to take care of the environment, while others believe that it is the responsibility of the citizens. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Science can now offer people a life expectancy of close to one hundred years or even more. Some people view it in a positive light, but others believe it creates some problems. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
These days, many people prefer ready to eat food outside of their home rather than homemade food. Do you think this has more advantages or disadvantages?
Many people believe that family has a greater influence on a child’s life and development than other factors, such as friends, TV, music and so on. Do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Certain personal qualities cannot be achieved through university studies. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your opinion and relevant examples.
In some countries the quality of life in larger cities is declining. Why do you think this is happening? What measures can be taken to stop it?
Shopping is now one of the most popular forms of leisure activity in many countries for young adults. What do you think is the reason for this? Is this a positive or negative development?
In many countries, people are living in a “throwaway society” where things are used for a short time and thrown away. What are the causes of this and what problems does it lead to?
In some countries, people follow the latest fashion and hairstyles. In your opinion, what is influencing this? Do you think this is a positive or a negative development?
In some countries, children under 16 years old are not allowed to leave school by law and get full-time work. Is this a good or bad thing? Discuss your opinion.
Nowadays, people have adopted an unhealthy lifestyle. Why do think this is? How could this problem be solved?
Some young people are leaving the countryside to live in cities and towns, leaving only old people in the countryside. Why do think this is? Do you think this is a positive or a negative development?
In many countries, people have more health problems because they choose to live an unhealthy lifestyle. What do you think are the reasons for this and how can it be solved? Give relevant examples from your experience.
Countries with a long average working time are more economically successful than those countries which do not have a long working time. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Nowadays, people of all ages from certain parts of the world spend most time at home rather than going outdoors. Discuss the reasons, is this negative or positive development?
With the development of technology and science, some people believe that there is no great value of artists such as musicians and painters. What are the things artists can do but the scientist cannot? Should art be encouraged more?
While recruiting a new employee, the employer should pay more attention to their personal qualities, rather than qualifications and experience. To what extent do you agree or disagree? Give your opinion and include relevant examples.
Money should be spent on creating new public buildings such as museums or town halls rather than renovating the existing ones. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
All the people in a company should be treated equally and provided with the same number of holidays in a year or people doing different jobs enjoy different amount of holiday time. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people say that a person's success is as a result of the way he has been brought up by his parents. Do you agree or disagree?
Public celebrations (such as national days, festivals etc) are held in most countries. These are often quite expensive and some people say that governments should spend money on more useful things. Do you agree or disagree?
Some people prefer to buy local products while others prefer international products. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people say that children given pocket money every week will have lesser money problems when they become adults. Do you agree or disagree?
Some people believe that we should therefore encourage the exploitation of remote areas. Do the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?
Today, many big cities in the world are increasing in size. What are the problems associated with it? What are the solutions to these problems?
Some young people are leaving countryside to live in cities or towns, it leaves only old people in countryside. What are the problems of this issue? What can be done to solve this problem?
Many people believe that learning a foreign language is a very difficult task. What are the most difficult things about learning a foreign language? What is the best way to overcome them? Explain and include your personal experience or knowledge of these problems.
Some people think high-end technology can prevent and cut down the rate of committing crime. Do you agree or disagree?
Some people feel that courses can make anyone a teacher, while others feel an excellent teacher cannot be made by pursuing a course. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people think that high salary is important when choosing a company to work for, while others think that good working atmosphere is more important. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people encourage young children to leave their parents house as soon as they become adults while other say children should stay at their parents house as long as possible. Discuss both the views and give your opinion.
Many countries thought that children have to do homework in their free time while other say children should do more outdoor activity. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people say that art subjects such as music, drama and creative writing are an essential part of education, and every school should include them in its syllabus. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your opinion and examples from your own experience.
Nowadays in many countries women have full time jobs. Therefore, it is logical to share household tasks evenly between men and women. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Some people think that public health within a country can be improved by government making laws regarding nutritious food. Others, however, think that health is a matter of personal choice and responsibility. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Many people believe that learning a foreign language is a very difficult task. What are the most difficult things about learning a foreign language? What is the best way to overcome them? Explain and include your personal experience or knowledge of these problems.
Some people believe that construction of new public buildings such as museums, town halls and sporting facilities is more important than renovation of the existing ones, while others disagree. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Nowadays the crime rate is increasing, especially among teenagers. What are the reasons behind it? How can we reverse this trend? What punishment methods should be used, in your opinion?
Nowadays online education has become popular as more institutes and companies are offering courses online. However, many people prefer the traditional, classroom training or study. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of both methods.
Some people believe that the government should take care of old people and provide financial support after they retire. Others say individuals should save during their working years to fund their own retirement. What is your opinion? Give reasons for your answer and include examples from your own experience.
In some cultures old people are valued more, while in other cultures youth is considered more valuable. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people say that art subjects such as music, drama and creative writing are an essential part of education, and every school should include them in its syllabus. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your opinion and examples from your own experience.
Nowadays people waste a lot of food that was bought from shops and restaurants. Why do you think people waste food? What can be done to reduce the amount of food they throw away?
In today’s times internet is making it easy to study online from home. Some prefer online courses to study and they think it is better. Others prefer classroom education. Discuss both views and share your opinion.
Science will soon make people live up to 100 or even 200 years. Some believe this is a good thing while others disagree. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Successful companies use advertising to make more sales. What can make an advertisement very effective? Do you think this is a bad thing or a good thing for the society?
Some people believe that after hundred years life will be easier for most of people, while the others are unsure. What is your opinion?
Some people think it is important to spend a lot of money on a wedding celebration, while others disagree. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people think that giving gifts and presents to friends and family is important to show them that we care. Others think that there are more important ways. Discuss both and give your opinion.
The media is increasing interest in famous people who have ordinary backgrounds. Why do you think people are interested in the lives of famous people? Do you think this is a good thing?
Some people prefer activities and lifestyle in hot climates while others prefer activities and lifestyle in cold climate. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Online education and training is becoming increasingly popular in the business world. Do the advantages of this development outweigh the disadvantages?
More and more parents are allowing their children to play on computers and tablets as they think that children should learn technology skills. Do the advantages of this development outweigh the disadvantages?
People are living in a 'throwaway society', using things for a short time and then throwing them away. What are the causes of this? What problems does it lead to?
Nowadays children mostly spend time playing computer games rather than sports. What are the reasons for this? Is it a positive or a negative development?
Scientists agree that many people eat too much junk food and it is damaging their health. Some people think that this problem can be solved by educating people, while others believe that education will not work. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Many people believe that TV news and media in general have a detrimental effect on our life. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your own opinion, including relevant examples.
Many famous athletes advertise different products. What are the advantages and disadvantages of it?
Nowadays people try to balance their work with other things in life, but only some could actually achieve it so far. What are the reasons for that? How can we solve this problem?
Some people say that online study is the most effective and convenient way to learn. Others believe that online study will never be as effective as learning at school, in person. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Children and teenagers are committing more and more crimes in many countries. Why is this happening? How can we stop or at least reduce youth crime?
Some people prefer cold weather conditions, while others don’t. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people think subjects taught in school are a waste of time, while others disagree and believe that this type of education is useful for students. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people think that the only way to relax is rest or sleep, while others say people need to do exercise or sport to relax. Discuss both view points and give your own opinion.
Some parents and teachers think that children’s behaviour should be strictly controlled. While some think that children should be free to behave. Discuss both the views and give your opinion.
In many countries day by day rubbish (garbage) is increasing. Why is it happening? What can be done?
Some people see shopping as a leisure activity mostly for young adults, while others disagree. Do you think this has a positive or negative effect on economic development? Give your opinion and include relevant examples.
Shopping has become a favorite pastime among young people. What do you think it is like that? Do you think they must be encouraged to do other things rather than shopping?
Some people think that the main factors influencing a child’s development these days are things such as television, friends, and music. Others believe that the family still remains more important. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Food travels thousands of miles from producers to consumers. Some people think that it would be better for the environment and economy if people only ate the local food produced by farmers. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people argue that the fittest, strongest individuals and teams can achieve the greatest success in sports. But other people think that success is as much related to mental attitude. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people become famous when they are at a young age. Do you think this is positive or negative?
Some people believe it is important to give gifts and presents to friends and family to show that we care about them. Others think that there are better ways to show affection to them. Discuss both the views and give your own opinion.
Many people believe that spending a lot of money on weddings is fine, while others completely disagree. Discuss both views and give your own opinion and examples.
Many people believe the government should spend money on faster public transport. Others think that money should be spent on different aspects of public transportation, such as cost reduction and environment conservation. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people believe that manufacturers should be responsible for reducing the large amounts of packaging they use. Others say consumers should avoid buying heavily packaged items. Discuss both views and state your opinion. Give reasons for your answer and include examples from your experience.
Some people think that family has the most important influence on children’s development, while others believe that factors such as TV, friends, music and books have a more significant impact. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Today, most people get married and give birth in their thirties rather than when they are younger. Is this a positive or negative development?
Shops should give preference in selling local food rather than imported food. Do you agree or disagree?
Growing population is a big problem in developing countries. Should the government provide new homes in the cities or countryside?
Some people think that the media (newspapers) have the right to publish details of people’s private lives, while others think it should be controlled. Discuss both views.
Some people think that activities during the free-time should be planned while others disagree. Discuss both sides and include examples and relevant data from your own experience.
In some countries an increasing number of people are suffering from health problems as a result of eating too much fast food. It is therefore necessary for governments to impose a higher tax on this kind of food? To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion? You should use your own ideas, knowledge and experience and support your arguments with examples and relevant evidence.
Today more people are overweight than ever before. What in your opinion are the primary causes of this? What measures can be taken to overcome this epidemic?
In most parts of the world people are living longer. What are the possible causes of this situation? Is this a negative or positive development?
Today, the internet and TV have created that chance for ordinary people to become famous. Is it a positive or negative development?
Nowadays food has become easier to prepare. Has this change improved the way people live? Give reasons for your answer using your own ideas and experience.
Nowadays many people believe that children should be taught history in schools, however, others argue that children should learn subjects that are more helpful for modern everyday life. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some parents believe that a child should not waste time by reading entertainment books instead, they should spend time reading educational books only. What is your opinion about this?
Some people think that young children need to attend nursery before primary school. While others believe young children can spend all day at home. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people believe school children should be given multiple short vacations while others believe they should get one long vacation. Give advantages of both and your point of view.
Some people think that the advantages of advertising sports products through famous sports players outweigh the disadvantages. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In our society, there is far more attention on men's sport than women's sport. What are the reasons for this? Do you think that this is positive or negative development?
It has been said that reading for pleasure is better in developing imagination and language skills than watching TV. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Advertisements are influencing us in a negative way. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
School teachers are more responsible for the social and intellectual development of students than parents. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people spend a lot of money on their wedding ceremonies. However, others feel like it is unnecessary to spend a lot. Discuss both view points and give your own opinion.
Since travelling abroad became relatively inexpensive, more countries opened their doors for foreign tourists. Is it a positive or negative trend? Give your opinion and include relevant examples.
Many countries consider eighteen year olds to be adults, while other countries don’t. What do you think about it? Give your opinion and some relevant examples based on your own experience.
Some people think that the only way to judge someone’s success in business is by the amount of money they make. Is this a true indicator of the success of a business and in what other ways could success in a business be measured?
The restoration of old buildings in major cities around the world costs enormous amounts of money. This money would be better spent on providing new housing and road development. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?
Employers should give their workers at least one month holiday a year as it makes them to do better at their job. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some people believe the Olympic Games doesn't belong to the 21st century anymore. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Some parents believe that reading books for entertainment is a waste of time for children and they think that their children should only read serious educational books. What is your opinion?
Some people think that advertising on TV is useless and others disagree. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
Some people think money is the best gift to give it to youngsters, while others disagree. Discuss both the views and give your opinion.
For school children, their teachers have more influence on their intelligence and social development than their parents. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
In the modern world it is possible to shop, work and communicate with people via the internet and live without any face-to-face contact with others. Is it a positive or negative development in your opinion? To what extent do you support this development?
Many university students live with their families, while others live away from home because their universities are in different places. What are the advantages and disadvantages of both situations?
In the modern world it is no longer necessary to use animals for food, clothing or medicine. To what extent do you agree or disagree? Give reasons for your answer and include examples from your own experience.
Some businesses observe that new employees who just graduated from a college or university seem to lack interpersonal skills needed for communication with their colleagues. What could be the reason for this? What solutions can help address this problem?
Some people believe that we should start giving formal education to students at a much earlier age, while others think we should wait until the age of 7. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? Discuss and give reasons for your answer.
Nowadays in many countries young people leave rural areas to study or work in cities. What are the reasons for this? Do the benefits of this outweigh the disadvantages?
Some parents believe that reading entertainment books is a waste of time. In their opinion, children should only read serious, educational books. Do you agree or disagree? Give reasons for your answer and include relevant examples from your own experience.
Nowadays there is a growing trend of private car ownership. Do the advantages outweigh the disadvantages or environmental problems associated with this?
Some people believe that companies should pay for damage they cause to the environment, while others say that the government should be responsible for such expenses. Do you agree or disagree? Give reasons for your answer and include examples from your experience.
Nowadays there are many medical surveys of treatments to reduce health problems. Who should conduct them, governments, individuals or private companies, in your opinion? Give reasons for your answer and include relevant examples from your experience.
The international community must act immediately to ensure that all countries reduce their consumption of fossil fuels such as gas, oil and coal. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your own opinion.
For school children, their teachers have more influence on their intelligence and social development than their parents. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Many people believe that it is a good idea to have a dress code at workplaces. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give your opinion and examples from your own experience.
Some think that private companies should pay for pollution clean up, while others say it should be a government’s responsibility. Discuss, and state your own opinion.
How important is money to happiness?
Many people believe that the use of new technology improves the lives of employees. Others think it is a disadvantage for them. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people say that sport is very important for a nation’s development, while others believe that sport is no more than a leisure time activity. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people think that children should start school sooner while others believe they should not start it before the age of seven. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.
Some people argue that competitive sports are good for bringing together different people and cultures. Others argue that these sports can cause problems and increase conflicts between nations. Discuss both points of view and give your own opinion.
In some countries, it is illegal for employers to reject job applications on the basis of age criteria. Is it a positive or negative development? Give reasons for your answer and include examples from your own experience.
Many young people regularly change their jobs over the years. What are the reasons for this? Do the advantages outweigh the disadvantages?
Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
Scientists agree that many people are eating too much junk food and it is damaging to their health. Some people think that these problems can be solved by educating people to eat less junk food. Other people believe that education will not work.Discuss both opinions and give your own opinion.
Some people think that companies and private individuals should pay to clean up the pollution that they produce, not the government. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
As more and more students enter universities, academic qualifications are becoming devalued. To get ahead in many professions, more than one degree is now required and in future, it is likely that people will take a number of degree courses before even starting work. This is an undesirable situation. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Many people are involved in sports when they are young but stop once they are adults. Why do many adults stop doing physical exercise? What can be done about this problem?
Some people think that it is a good idea for all employees to wear a uniform at work. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Other people believe that it results in disadvantages for workers. Discuss both opinions and give your own opinion.
Some people think that international competitive sports such as football bring conflict between people of different age groups and nationalities. Others think the sport is helping reach understanding between people and nations. Discuss both views and give your opinion.
Some people think that only staff who worked in the company for a long time should be promoted to higher positions. What is your opinion on this? Give reasons and relevant examples for your answer.
Some people think it’s a good idea to wear a uniform at work. Do you agree or disagree? Give reasons for your answer with relevant examples from knowledge or experience.
Some people think it is more important to spend time in developing a successful career while others think it is more important to spend time with friends and family. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
There is less social contact between young and old. What are the reasons? What measures can be taken?
Do you agree with the following statement: home schooling protects students from a number of challenges faced by non-home-schooled children?
Does distant learning make it easier for students to balance their everyday lives?