Will the pandemic make people wear masks during seasonal flu?
How can students prevent stress from staying at home due to COVID-19?
Has quarantining due to the coronavirus caused families to be closer or farther apart?
Is online schooling as effective as in-class education?
How important is it to wear a facemask when out of the house?
What do students find most surprising about staying at home during the coronavirus?
What new traditions could come out of the COVID-19 situation?
How can you keep in touch with friends while staying in quarantine?
How has COVID-19 changed students' lives for the better? for the worse?
How can graduating seniors enjoy their last semester while staying at home?
What is the best way for the country to open up again?
How will COVID-19 change students' college plans?
Should school districts change their attendance policies about illnesses?
How can parents of elementary school students best help their children learn at home?
How can teachers make online classes better?
How can students make the best use of their time when studying at home?
What is the best way to protect yourself from getting infected by the coronavirus?
Which student groups are negatively affected the most by having to study at home?
What are the best ways to support learning disabled or physically challenged students when they are learning at home?
What effect does COVID-19 have on mental stress? How can a person best overcome it?
How does body image influence mental health?
Will more families consider homeschooling after COVID-19?
Should the fashion industry change their way of advertising?
Do young men have body image problems?
Are romantic movies damaging to real relationships?
How does advertising affect the body image of men?
Should the fashion industry use models that look more like regular people?
Should women get plastic surgery to make themselves have a better self-image?
Are beauty pageants beneficial to women?
Should brands like Victoria's Secret use plus-sized models?
Does playing with dolls like Barbie negatively influence a girl’s body image?
What is “fake news?”
How can young women develop a healthy body image?
Is there such a thing as “unbiased reporting?”
What is the best role for news reporters in a digital era?
Does reporting by ordinary citizens actually give us better news?
Is satire and comedy news a good way to stay informed?
Will newspapers go out of business or become only digital?
Is crowdfunded journalism going to be an important trend?
How helpful is "fact checking" of speeches?
Is our news coverage too narrow?
Why did the media not get the 2016 American Presidential election or Brexit correct?
Does our microbiome really control our brain?
How does what we eat affect our mental health?
What are the effects of marijuana on the brain?
What is the best treatment for PSTD?
Can learning to do lucid dreaming help you?
Are video games bad for kids?
Can brain damage from drugs be reversed?
Is virtual reality more than just for fun?
How is the Internet affecting our intelligence?
What is the best way to help a friend or relative who is an alcoholic?
How will 3-D printing change our future?
What role should race play in American identity?
What research offers the most promising help for disabled people?
Is face-detecting software a good way to solve the problem of identity theft?
What are the implications of the Cell Atlas?
How will 360-degree selfie cameras change the way we share our lives?
Is adding connectivity of our home devices helpful or not?
Which is better, PC or Mac?
How with practical quantum computers change our lives?
Should people be judged by their social media posting?
Are online dating sites just a scam, or can they form lasting relationships?
Are self-driving trucks a good idea?
Can computers really become intelligent?
Is technology making our attention span shorter?
Does social media like Twitter have a place in the classroom?
Should texting and driving be illegal?
How is social media changing parent and child relationships?
When in social situations is looking at your phone or texting inappropriate?
What rules should college or high school students follow when posting to social media?
Why join ROTC?
How can families handle the problem of their child being bullied through social media?
What is the best way to ask a date to prom?
Does social media negatively impact teenagers social lives?
Is going on a study abroad worth it?
How can people concentrate better when studying?
What is the best sport to join at our school? How did we get our school mascot?
Is prom worth the cost?
What are the benefits of being in the FFA, BPA or other school organization?
What makes a successful dating relationship?
Is learning a foreign language in high school important?
Should more high schools have apprenticeships or technical programs so people can get a job right out of school?
Does eating gluten-free really make people healthier?
Why is junk food so addictive?
Do fad diets actually work?
Which fast food restaurant serves the best food?
Which is better, Starbucks or your local coffee shop?
Where are the best cheap eating spots in town?
How important is it to "eat the rainbow?"
What is the best diet for an athlete?
Is homework good or bad for student achievement?
Is “all-natural” or “organic” worth paying more for?
Which is better, private school, public school or homeschooling?
Should “gifted” students receive special educational treatment?
Is drinking bottled water a good idea?
How do online high schools compare to traditional education?
Should vaccinations continue to be mandatory in public schools?
Should schools move to having online classes in high school?
Should schools switch to e-books?
Is teaching suicide prevention in school helpful?
What is the best way to take notes in classes?
Why do people get multiple body piercings?
Why are tattoos a popular trend?
How do tattoos of men differ from the ones women choose?
Is getting a tattoo safe?
What is the most popular tattoo?
How can you best care for your new tattoo or piercing?
What makes a bad tattoo idea?
What are the most popular trends in tattoos this year?
Why is math hard?
Are there some tattoos that should be taboo?
Is tattoo art?
How can we prevent accidents caused by DUIs?
Should the death penalty be legal in all states?
How can we select better juries in high-profile cases?
Do art, music, and drama help in rehabilitating prisoners?
Are afterschool programs a good way to reduce violence and gangs?
What should be the goal of putting someone in prison? Punishment, rehabilitation or something is the
Does legalization of marijuana reduce crime?
Do illegal immigrants commit a lot of crimes?
What is the humane treatment of prisoners?
Can programs that create jobs prevent crime?
Should businesses hire mentally and physically disabled people?
How can employers best encourage better health among their employees?
Should tattoos be allowed in the workplace?
Is STEM really the best career choice?
Is nursing a good career for talented men and women?
Should businesses offer mental health benefits for employees and families?
Should more businesses offer parental and family leave for both parents?
Should people on welfare be required to submit to drug testing?
Does owning your own business really make a better career?
How can people best be encouraged to make healthier lifestyle choices?
How does lack of sleep hurt us?
Should more employers offer flexible scheduling or working from home?
Do T.V. shows about overweight people losing weight exploit or help?
What is the best possible treatment for Type 2 diabetes?
What is the best way to quit smoking? How can we best solve the problem of antibiotic resistance?
What are the causes and best treatments for bi-polar disease?
What is an allergy?
Are drugs overused in treating mental illness?
What makes some people able to live to be over 100?
Do violent images, music, and games cause people to act out violently?
Why do adults enjoy Disney movies?
Is “virtual reality” going to be important in entertainment?
Why is “Fixer Upper” so popular?
Does Internet medical information make people healthier?
How does Lego Batman compare to other versions of the Batman franchise?
Which shows are best for binge watching?
Has Marvel changed the source material too much?
Should parents allow their kids to play football?
Why are movies like “The Lion King” ones kids watch over and over?
How can we make football safer?
Which video game has the best storyline?
Which horror movie is really the scariest?
What effect does moving and changing schools have on a high schooler?
Should college athletes get paid?
Who is the best quarterback of all time?
What kinds of sports should be added to the Olympics?
Can virtual reality help athletes train more effectively?
How does Rugby compare to American football?
How can overuse injuries be prevented in high school athletics?
What makes a successful marriage?
What are the benefits of growing up in a large family?
Why is NASCAR losing fans?
What are the health benefits of marriage?
What is the value of a family vacation?
What is the value of searching for your genealogy?
Does living together before marriage create better marriages?
Is interracial marriage a good idea?
What rules should parents have for their teenagers?
How can parents get to know their teenagers better?
What causes the break-up of marriages?